# Prompt analysis
I started the prompt by giving my chatbot a **persona**, this allows the Large Language Model (LLM) to hone in on a specific field when crafting responses to users on the online university marketplace. In my case specifically, I gave it the persona of an experienced customer service representative so that responses it craft are thoughtful, clear and thorough. I then gave it the context in which it will handle tasks in. In my prompt, I gave it the platform it was being deployed on, which is an online university marketplace as well as the audience it would serve, which would be university students.

The next part of the prompt is where I declared the **tasks** that the LLM would undertake. For each task, I gave the LLM examples of how each task would look like, allowing it to **better categorise** queries under various defined tasks. I then gave it steps on how it can carry out the tasks as well as **references** which it **should** refer to when carrying out the task. These references include templates that the LLM should use when crafting a certain response as well as files that the LLM **will** have to reference when making decisions, such as SITE_NAVIGATION_MANUAL.pdf, FAQs.pdf and COMMUNITY_GUIDELINES.pdf. Finally, for each task, I also provided the **format and tone** the LLM should respond with. Notice that I am holding the hand of the LLM alot in this section, a well defined task together with abundant references lowers the chances of the LLM hallucinating and crafting misinformed responses.

The final part of my prompt is a **catch all scenario** where I define to the LLM the way it should respond if it isn't able to categorise the user query within the various tasks defined. This is also where I give the LLM **follow up instructions** once it has completed the task and there is no additional help required from the user. These 2 final details to the prompt help prevent the LLM from crafting responses on its own once it has completed its task, giving all users a standardised experience when utilising my AI chatbot.
